#if soper
Command provided by: groupserv/templatevhost
#endif
Help for TEMPLATEVHOST:

The TEMPLATEVHOST command permits group management to grant
vhost offers to group members, based on matching flags
template.  In order for group members to use them, the
vhost offer must first be offered.  Then the group member
must accept the new vhost offer via HostServ TAKE.

GroupServ flag +A is required to view the current template
offers list.  GroupServ flags +s and/or +F are required to
change or remove any template vhost offers.

If a template vhost offer is changed, all users with the
old vhost offer setting will be moved over to the new
setting.

If a template vhost offer is removed, all users with the
vhost offer will lose it and have it removed.

IMPORTANT: The vhost change frequency rules still apply.
If the offer is changed while any affected users are not
eligible to accept another vhost, those users will not be
automatically moved to the new setting.  They will instead
have their vhost removed.  It's strongly recommended to
view the offer list as it will show when affected users
have last had their vhost settings changed to see which
users, if any will lose them.

To add a vhost offer, specify the template name and the
vhost mask.  $account will be replaced by the account name
of the user, when the user accepts it.

To change a vhost offer, issue the same command as if you
were adding one.

To remove a vhost offer, specify the template name without
a vhost offer mask.

Syntax: TEMPLATEVHOST !group [template [vhost/offer/here/$account]]

Examples:
  List vhost offers for the group:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group
  Add new vhost offer:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group user Group/User/$account
  Add new vhost offer:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group moderator Group/Moderator/$account
  Change, if previously added:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group moderator Group/Mod/$account
  Add new vhost offer:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group management Group/Management/$account
  Remove old vhost offer:
    /msg &nick& TEMPLATE !group obsoletetemplate